Design a synthesizable single-clock FIFO with exactly 16 entries of 8 bits.
The complete module must be named fifo, with exactly these ports:
  input logic clk
  input logic reset
  input logic wr_en
  input logic rd_en
  input logic [7:0] data_in
  output logic [7:0] data_out
  output logic [4:0] count
  output logic full
  output logic empty

All state changes occur only on rising edges of clk. Reset is active high,
synchronous, and takes priority over both requests. Reset clears the FIFO,
sets count and data_out to zero, and resets queue ordering. Internal memory
does not need to be cleared. No initialization before reset is required.

count is the number of occupied entries, from 0 through 16 inclusive.
full is high exactly when count is 16; empty is high exactly when count is 0.
Both flags reflect current occupancy, including after each rising edge.

Decide which requests are accepted using occupancy immediately BEFORE the edge:
- A read is accepted when rd_en is high and the FIFO is not empty.
- A write is accepted when wr_en is high and either the FIFO is not full or a
  read is accepted at that same edge. Thus full plus simultaneous read/write
  accepts both operations, retaining occupancy 16.
- At empty plus simultaneous read/write, accept only the write, leaving count 1.
  There is no fall-through or bypass read of the newly supplied data.
- Ignore a read when empty, and ignore a write when full without an accepted read.

An accepted read removes the oldest queued byte and registers that byte on
data_out. An accepted write appends data_in to the queue. When both are accepted,
return the OLD oldest byte and append the NEW byte while keeping count unchanged.
Otherwise count increases by one for write-only or decreases by one for read-only.
data_out holds its previous value whenever no read is accepted, even if empty.
Support indefinite FIFO ordering across internal pointer wrap-around.
Changing reset or other inputs between rising edges must not change stored state
or data_out. Provide only the complete fifo module, no testbench.
